Clarify QOS class effect (#39118)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod.md

These restrictions apply to init containers and app containers equally.

Pods in this QoS class have the strictest resource limits and the highest priority to avoid being killed. They are guaranteed not to be killed
until they exceed their limits or there are no lower-priotiy containers that can be evicted from the node.

> They may not acquire resources beyond their specified limitations. These nodes can also make use of exclusive CPUs using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They may not acquire resources beyond their specified limitations. These Pods can also make use of exclusive CPUs using the 
```

* The Pod does not meet the criteria for QoS class Guaranteed.
* At least one Container in the Pod has a memory or CPU request or limit.

Burstable pods have some resource guarantees based on the request, but do not require a specific limit. If a limit is
not specified they default to a limit equivalent to the capacity of the node, which allows them to flexibly increase

> their resources if available. These pods are killed only after all BestEffort pods are evicted, or when exceeding

Reviewer 2: Is this right?
```suggestion
their resources if available. In the case that a node faces resource pressure, the kubelet doesn't
evict any Burstable Pods whilst any BestEffort pods remain running on the same node.
A Pod that is Guaranteed or Burstable may get terminated by the kubelet if it exceeds a defined resource limit.
```
?

Author: See above

> their resources if available. These pods are killed only after all Best-Effort pods are evicted, or when exceeding

Reviewer: Please always spell "BestEffort" in the same way to avoid confusion.

```suggestion
their resources if available. These pods are killed only after all BestEffort pods are evicted, or when exceeding
```

For a Pod to be given a QoS class of BestEffort, the Containers in the Pod must not
have any memory or CPU limits or requests.

> BestEffort pods have the lowest priority and will be the first pods killed if the system runs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BestEffort pods have the lowest priority and will be the first pods that get shut down
(through kubelet-initiated {{< glossary_tooltip text="eviction" term_id="eviction" >}})
if the node runs
```

Author: This is not quite right, as a node experiencing resource pressure kills, and does not evict nodes.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what is truly happening here:
- the kubelet asks the API server to delete a Pod that has breached a resource limit
- the kubelet kills one or more containers belonging to a Pod; specifically, those containers that have breached a resource limit. Regardless of the `.spec` for that Pod, the kubelet does not start a replacement container.
- the kubelet kills one or more containers belonging to a Pod; specifically, those containers that have breached a resource limit. The kubelet start a replacement container if the Pod specifies that behavior.
- the kubelet kills all containers belonging to a Pod and sets a status on the Pod that it has failed / breached a resource limit, then waits for the control plane to notice
- something else

Let's clarify which it is - ideally, in the _concept_ page I'm recommending.
